hey youtube this is primetimepokemon and
in this video i'm going to announce the
winner of the daybreak daybreak theme
deck giveaway so all you have to do to
win this theme deck was you had to
basically I posted this video on YouTube
yesterday and you just had to go to my
blog I'm follow me if you haven't
already and then on this mess spread
card review right here you just had a
comment and it looks like 377 people
commented so yeah basically a 1 in 377
chance of winning which is much better
than some of the giveaways I've done
solely on youtube so you're going to
have a pretty good chance of winning
what I'm going to do is I'm going to go
to another random number generator and
enter 1 through 3 77 and then I'll come
from the top you know if it's in five
and i'll call 1 2 3 4 5 and that person
will win the theme deck before i do that
i did post a new episode of black and
white on my blog here so you should
definitely watch that you just have to
click the play button and then play like
that and you can watch it and then make
sure you do vote on my pole to right now
it is what is your favorite black and
white legendary pokemon right now it
looks like Zach crumbs winning with 200
boats that's actually my favorite Pope
legendary Pokemon so far from watching
some anime it looks pretty powerful so
let's get to announcing the winner so
like I said I'll do one through 377 then
look at the comment so I I did this for
the last time i went to random.org i
should have a tripod or something but
I'm just holding on to my camera so
sorry for the shaking but you just go to
1 2 3 77 and then generate number 98 so
i'm going to count 98 on the comments so
I'll just calm tees in my head since
let's see actually it shouldn't be too
bad 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 i'll call these my
head anyways so its that's so annoying
so here's 90 right here so eight more
one two three four five six seven eight
so it looks like cease NY rocks five so
we'll check this person out on youtube
and see what their Channel looks like
and then i'll send you a message and you
won the deck so congratulations on
winning the deck I hope you enjoy it
thanks for entering everyone else I
always give away everything back that I
review on youtube so every time I review
a theme deck watch those videos and then
you'll be able to tell how to enter to
win the theme deck whoops I didn't want
to do that I want to do that so we'll
take a look looks like a big pokemon fan
might be it must be a girl Emily so
that's sort of neat so i'll definitely
message you and congratulations on
winning I'm check out this person's
channel and congratulate her on winning
so thanks for entering everyone and stay
tuned for more videos thank you